# Senior Account Director, Film, TV, and Content

**公司:** Rogers & Cowan

**地点:** New York, NY

**薪资:** 未公开

## Job Description

Overview We are looking for a Senior Account Director to join our Film, Television and Content team in our New York Office. Ideally, you will bring at least 8-10 years of experience with some of that experience gained within an agency environment. You'll need a strong background in media relations with excellent press contacts and a deep understanding of how to lead all aspects of film and TV campaigns, including festivals and awards. Beyond just red-carpet events, the role demands strategic thinking to develop innovative campaigns, cultivate unique ideas, and drive engagement online and offline. We are a collaborative bunch; we are looking for someone who is excited to work on a variety of accounts across the agency, not just content. Either experience, or a passion, for Live Events including Music and Sports is highly desirable. Fine Print Leading account teams and managing projects from start to finish. Managing and mentoring the junior team, ensuring the best ways of working for media relations, and client management. Managing complex client issues and will see the client through stressful situations that will require thoughtful counsel. Leading new business meetings, creating proposals as needed. Partnering and collaborating with senior level colleagues throughout the agency on integrated (and bi-coastal) accounts. Responding to client requests and ensuring requests are taken care of in an efficient manner. The Needs At least 8-10 years of public relations experience, with a specific focus on film and television. Ideally you will have worked in an agency and be used to working on a variety of projects across different verticals. Management Skills: Experience guiding, mentoring and managing team members. Happy delegating tasks and providing constructive feedback. Writing Prowess: Strong proven experience as a writer who can deliver concise, persuasive copy for our clients. Media Relationships: A growing list of relationships with entertainment media, and the ability to use them for impactful opportunities. Strategic & Innovative: A strategic problem solver who brings new ideas to the table and enjoys brainstorming. Curious & Entrepreneurial: Possesses an innate curiosity and an entrepreneurial spirit. Organized & meticulous: Incredibly organized, detail-oriented, and capable of managing multiple projects simultaneously. Why Join R&CPMK? R&CPMK is an iconic entertainment marketing and communications agency connecting you with culture. Our Values: Be Human, Be Purposeful, Lead with Passion, Be Open Minded, Be Connected. We prioritize our people's well-being and growth by offering: Work-Life Balance: Enjoy flexible paid time off and a 1 p.m. finish with Summer Fridays. Professional Development: Take advantage of internal and external learning opportunities, as well as a tuition reimbursement program. Comprehensive Benefits: Our benefits plans include Healthcare, a 401k, stock purchase plan, and generous paid family leave, fertility, and adoption benefits. Vibrant Culture: Our social committee and employee resource groups host regular company events, bringing our teams together in person and virtually. Salary: $95,000-$105,000 annually Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for current/former employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employee’s/applicant’s background, pertinent experience, and qualifications. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles\' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodation@ipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered. #J-18808-Ljbffr

Salary: USD 95000 - 105000 per year

Experience: 5 years required